# Stock Market Prediction Web App Developed with Streamlit

#### TODO: App Icon

This web application is designed to predict stock market trends using machine learning models and visualizing the results with Streamlit.

## Features

- **Interactive Dashboard**: User-friendly interface to input stock symbols, select date ranges, and visualize predictions.

- **Machine Learning Models**: Utilizes the Prophet model from Facebook for time-series forecasting and scikit-learn for additional analysis.

- **Data Retrieval**: Fetches historical stock data using the yfinance library.

- **Beautiful Visualizations**: Presents predictions and historical data with interactive charts powered by Plotly.

## Technologies Used

- **Streamlit**: The main framework for building the web application.

- **Prophet**: A forecasting tool from Facebook for time-series data.

- **yfinance**: Retrieves financial data, including stock prices.

- **Plotly**: Creates interactive and visually appealing charts.

- **scikit-learn**: Used for machine learning tasks.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/abdellatif-laghjaj/stock-market-prediction-app.git
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies:

   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Run the Streamlit app:

   Run the app normally:

   ```bash
   streamlit run main.py
   ```

   Or run the app on save mode:

   ```bash
   streamlit run main.py --server.runOnSave true
   ```

   Or run the app in debug mode:

   ```bash
    streamlit run main.py --server.runOnSave true --server.enableCORS false
   ```

4. Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8501` to access the app.

## Usage

1. Enter the stock symbol and select the date range.

2. Explore the interactive charts to analyze historical data.

3. View the predictions generated by the machine learning model.

## Screenshots

#### TODO: App Screenshots

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to enhance the app or fix any issues, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- Special thanks to the creators of Streamlit, Prophet, yfinance, Plotly, and scikit-learn.

Happy predicting!
